# CISC3130_Lab_4
This repository has 5 classes, one is custom linked list for artists, I'm using the same linked list from lab 3. I am extending the linked list with a queue class, this queue has a constructor that takes in a file, uses a scanner to read it, gets the artist and song names and makes a queue from all the songs and artist names. The artist names are taken to put each element in "Song by Artist format".
Then there's a Playlist queue class, there are 13 csv files, for 13 weeks which make up the third fiscal quarter of 2020. Each file is read in and turned into a queue, resulting in 13 queues, in the Lab4.java class, which contains the main method, the 13 queues are merged into 7 queues, then 4 queues, then 2 queues, then 1, using a method I wrote to merge two queues. After all 13 queues have merged into one large queue, all the songs from that queue are added to an instance of the playlist queue.
Lastly, there's the SongHistory class, which is a custom stack class, everytime the dequeue method (called listenTo) from the playlist is called, the song is pushed onto to an instance of this stack class. 
There is no GUI, but the program takes user input from the keyboard, and prints onto the console. The user is prompted to play a song, play the previous song or quit. If the user chooses to play, then the listenTo (dequeue) method from the playlist is called, and the title of the song is printed, the song is also pushed onto the history stack. If the user chooses previous (so long as the stack is not empty), the pop method is called, which pops off and prints the last song listened to as it is at the top of the stack.
The program ends when the user enters quit.
The repository contains all 13 csv files used in this project, it also contains a file titled "SampleOutput.txt" which shows what the output may look like, (varies on how much the user enters next or previous, and when the user decides to quit), this sample output is copied from the final test run of the program I did.
This project can be run in any IDE, make sure all the files are in the same package, the output will be printed onto the console, and will want input from the keyboard.
